== Team Player: A Rails Application

*Purpose*

To allow programmers effectively and efficiently communicate while building a product.

*Who is the target audience*

Programmers

*What will the application do*

It will allow a team to communicate back and forth, allowing them to share code and work together to solve problems that they are stuck on.

*Programming Languages*

HTML5
CSS3
SCSS
jQuery
Ruby/Ruby on Rails

*Tools*

Sublime Text 2
Command line
Mockflow
Twitter Bootstrap
Rails
Google+ Hangout API

*Context*

Physical (where will the user be using the application?)
---------------------------------------------------------
* at home
* at the office
* while traveling
* at a hotel
* outside

Media (what device(s) can the application be used on?)
------------------------------------------------------
* laptop/desktop

Modal (what will the users state of mind be when using the application?)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* what is the next step for this project?
* how do I solve this problem?
* I don’t understand this code
* I wish someone could help me with this program

*The 5ws*

Who are your users?
-------------------
Programmers

What is happening?
------------------
They are trying to problems to complete the project

When will they interact?
------------------------
When they need help
When they want to collaborate with team members

Where are they?
---------------
* at home
* at the office
* while traveling
* at a hotel
* outside

*Goals and Needs*

Goals (what is the main goal of the application?)
-------------------------------------------------
Productivity application -> task-based app

Needs (what needs does the application fill?)
---------------------------------------------
Provides communication

*Functions of the Application*
* Provide communication between a team of developers working on a project
* Users can create new projects and assign team members
* Users can be involved in multiple projects
* Live video/audio chat
* An area to post code/screenshots with the abilitiy for other team members to comment
* The ability to comment on specific lines of code
* Use Google+ for screen sharing
* Ability to search Google for solutions without having to leave the app